All the Light We Cannot See is a war novel written by American author Anthony Doerr, published by Scribner on May 6, 2014. It won the 2015 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the 2015 Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Fiction.

Set in occupied France during World War II, the novel centers on a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths eventually cross. 
In 1934, Marie-Laure LeBlanc is a six-year-old blind girl living in Paris with her father, the master locksmith at the Museum of Natural History. She hears stories of the purported Sea of Flames diamond hidden within the museum, which is said to grant immortality at the cost of endless misfortune to those around the owner. Allegedly, the only way to end the curse is to return the stone to the ocean, its rightful owner.

In Germany, 8-year-old Werner Pfennig is an orphan in the coal-mining town of Zollverein. Werner is exceptionally bright and has a natural skill for repairing radios and after he finds a broken one with his sister Jutta, he fixes it and he uses it to hear science and music programs transmitted across Europe.

When Germany invades France in 1940, Marie-Laure and her father flee to the coastal town of Saint-Malo to take refuge with her great-uncle Etienne, a recluse and shellshocked veteran of the Great War who spent his time broadcasting old records of his dead brother across Europe. Unknown to Marie-Laure, her father had been entrusted by the museum with either the Sea of Flames diamond or one of three exact copies, made to protect the original gem.

Months later, while building a model town of Saint-Malo for Marie-Laure, Marie-Laure's father is arrested. He is not heard from again, leaving Marie-Laure alone with Etienne and Madame Manec, Etienne's longtime maid and housekeeper. Meanwhile, a Nazi gemologist, Reinhold von Rumpel, begins to search for the Sea of Flames diamond, seeking its purported immortality, to save himself from dying an untimely death due to his spreading cancer. He locates each of the three forgeries, and sets his sights on Saint-Malo.

Werner's skill earns him a place at the National Political Institute of Education at Schulpforta, a draconian state boarding school teaching Nazi values. Werner is obedient and highly efficient in technical work. He begins work on radio technology and is soon placed in the Wehrmacht, tracking illegal enemy signals alongside Volkheimer, a large yet gentle soldier from Schulpforta. Werner becomes increasingly disillusioned with his position, especially after an innocent young girl is killed by his group after incorrectly tracing a signal. 